## Theme Park Prices

Repository for blog posts on these park prices




Major commits:

- 2018-10-07: Initial commit with data from the Magic Kingdom at Walt Disney World. I got the data from this [site](http://allears.net/walt-disney-world/wdw-planning/wdw-ticket-increase-guide/) and cross referenced it [here](https://www.travelandleisure.com/trip-ideas/disney-vacations/disney-world-ticket-costs-over-time).
- 2018-10-08: Updated dates to ISO-8601 format. Added code to account for inflation. Wrote loop to calculate inflation adjustment and made plot with updated prices.
- 2018-10-10: First draft pushed, complete with `ANCOVA` and other statistical fun.
- 2018-10-17: Cleaned up the code and caught a `join` artifact that duplicated rows in the dataset (removed it). Adjusted text at the suggestion of Len Testa (thank you) and added the original cost of a ticket adjusted for inflation.
- 2018-10-19: Incorporated Len's further comments. Added Tukey's HSD test for the CEOs `ANCOVA`. Results same as using `aov` on `lm`.
1. 2018-10-25: Based on feedback from the blogs manager of TouringPlans, I've decided to drop the CEOs `ANCOVA` and add a more explicit prediction for the next price increase. Also added a text file generated by the call to `sessionInfo()` and saved it as `MK_admission_packages.txt`. Also calculated days between price increases.
1. 2018-11-03: Updated the prediction work through 2019.
1. 2018-11-15: Started project on lenght of rain showers at WDW. Question: are the rain showers getting more frequent at the Magic Kingdom? Branch is `Rain` and packages used saved int file `Rain_packges.txt`
